clarify loki source file doesn't handle discovery (#4787)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/components/loki.source.file.md

Multiple `loki.source.file` components can be specified by giving them
different labels.

> > **NOTE:**  `loki.source.file` does not handle file discovery. See the [File Globbing](#file-globbing) example below for usage with `local.file_match`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% admonition type="note" %}}
`loki.source.file` does not handle file discovery. You can use `local.file_match` for file discovery. Refer to the [File Globbing](#file-globbing) example for more information.
{{% /admonition %}}
```

We should use the admonition syntax for note formatting. 

I've tried a small rephrase on  the note text in an attempt to make it more clear that local.file_match` and be used for file discovery.  WDYT?

Author: @clayton-cornell love it!
